so you've installed your Mac on your PC
you've got all that working but you're
gonna notice there's a problem with your
Mac you're not gonna hear any sound it's
gonna be extremely laggy especially when
you open up Safari just so you can see
the Apple page look at that look at all
those flickers and everything we're
gonna try to get rid of that so I'm
gonna have the links for all these
drivers that you're gonna need in the
description but pretty much just install
them so I'll open up this one first and
one of them you actually have if you
installed it the way I showed you and
you have all those folders you've
already got it under PC and I'll show
you how to use it but for out sorry I
almost forgot you've got to go to System
Preferences and security settings gotta
make it so you can install stuff from
outside of the App Store so ya hit
anywhere alot from anywhere and there
you go now you can install these drivers
now first install the two that you've
downloaded that weren't the ones that I
showed before so install that yes
install and put in your password
continue installation and it's going to
say that the install failed but it
didn't really so just close out of it
and it says it failed but it did not so
install that one then and smell this one
okay okay okay and you have to play
around with this there are a few
different drivers that you can download
this is the one I'm using it failed ok
that's great now trash and restart your
Mac so hit restart
you stir okay and my Mac has restarted
there we go so I'm gonna go System
Preferences and this may or yep there we
go
so now you can see if you go to this way
if you want to display before and you
try to change the resolution there's
only gonna be one option there but now
that you've installed that driver
there's gonna be plenty so I'm gonna put
my monitor resolution 1920 by 1080 and
now if I go to full screen there you go
I have got my full-on Mac so that fixed
that problem and hold on let me back out
of this I'm gonna switch over to a Mac
side screen recorder just because I can
and it'll make things easier so I'm
gonna see you guys ok so nevermind that
whole business about the Mac screen
recorder I idiot and this works just
fine so why not anyway
okay now you've fixed all that stuff you
don't have to use the driver that's in
the PC I'm sorry I told you that anyway
you don't have to do that it should be
all good now and if you had the sound
card installed from the beginning and
you installed that driver if you go to
the sound section you can choose I'm
using headphones right now so you don't
need to open toys but um you can choose
your whatever your sound of choice and
it will work and yeah so we're good okay
and that is it you are pretty much set
up ready to go and if you have any
problems feel free to comment them below
or PM me most of them can be solved by
going on Google it took me a while it
took me about the day to fully get this
working but I did and it's fine now and
I am completely a hundred percent
working I have been using my Mac for
about a week now and I have had no real
issues with it the only thing I can say
is you can't really like you know do
Steam or play games on it but if you
have PC I mean why would you do that
anyway
just do it on PC with where it's better
but yeah I downloaded you know Photoshop
and stuff on a Mac and it works it works
nice if you did everything right and
correctly and everything is installed
you are good to go so thank you guys for
watching this is a much more
straightforward tutorial than the other
one on VirtualBox which required a lot
more stuff and I said you could use your
own your own copy of snow Apple but you
can't because you have to have a special
modded version but that stuff is all out
of the way this is a very simple way to
do it and it is also a better way to do
it so thank you guys for watching I mess
master 1755 goodbye